Sample Hints

Hint1.jpg

1)    How are letters represented in a computer? (Hint: find out what chr and ord do)
2)    On what date (the day number) did Beyoncé release the YouTube video for Halo?
3)    Using a trick called a Caesar Cipher, I hid a message in the QR code.  I converted each letter to a number, shifted it up by the number you found in the previous step, and converted it back to a letter.  Can you decode what I wrote?

This is the first part of the message.  The other QR codes have the other parts, feel free to help debug those until all are solved: kwwsv=22jlwkxe1frp2Wh

Hint2.jpg

1)    If you have a string (a collection of text) in Python, how do you find the location of a particular letter?
2)    What part of a flower produces pollen?
3)    Using a trick called a Substitution Cipher, I hid a message in the QR code.  For some of the letters in my string, I swapped them with other letters.  I chose my letters my pairing up the letters in the word you found in the previous step.  For example, if the word was “Pirate”, then I would have paired up the P-i, r-a, t-e.  So I would take every P and substitute it with a I, every I and substitute it with a p, and so on.  Can you find out what I hid? (NOTE: the case of the letter does not matter.  In the above example, I would substitute both uppercase P and lowercase P with i).

This is the second part of the message.  The other QR codes have the other parts, feel free to help debug those until all are solved: keowlndgn/Curriculua/

Hint3.jpg

1)    In Python, how do you reverse a string?
2)    On what date (the day number) was Captain America: Civil War released in the US?
3)    I took some number of letters from the beginning of the message and removed them.  I then reversed those letters, and inserted them at the end.  (For example, if I was starting with “supercalifragilisticexpialidocious” and the number was 5, it would become “califragilisticexpialidociousrepus”).  Can you decode my message below?

This is the third part of the message.  The other QR codes have the other parts, feel free to help debug those until all are solved: aster/Week%205%m/bolb

Hint4.jpg

1)    If you have a string (a collection of text) in Python, how do you find the location of a particular letter?
2)    What is the first name of the founder of Carnegie Mellon University?
3)    Using a trick called a Substitution Cipher, I hid a message in the QR code.  For some of the letters in my string, I swapped them with other letters.  I chose my letters my pairing up the letters in the word you found in the previous step.  For example, if the word was “Pirate”, then I would have paired up the P-i, r-a, t-e.  So I would take every P and substitute it with a I, every I and substitute it with a p, and so on.  Can you find out what I hid? (NOTE: the case of the letter does not matter.  In the above example, I would substitute both uppercase P and lowercase P with i).

This is the fourth part of the message.  The other QR codes have the other parts, feel free to help debug those until all are solved: 20Rntn%20Dwpdwswatnti

Hint5.py

1)    In Python, how do you reverse a string?
2)    How old was President Obama’s younger daughter when he first got elected president (in November 2008)?
3)    I took some number of letters from the beginning of the message and removed them.  I then reversed those letters, and inserted them at the end.  (For example, if I was starting with “supercalifragilisticexpialidocious” and the number was 5, it would become “califragilisticexpialidociousrepus”).  Can you decode my message below?

This is the fifth part of the message.  The other QR codes have the other parts, feel free to help debug those until all are solved: er%20Mystery%2druM/no

Hint6.py

1)    How are letters represented in a computer? (Hint: find out what chr and ord do)
2)    What date (the day number) is George W. Bush’s birthday?
3)    Using a trick called a Caesar Cipher, I hid a message in the QR code.  I converted each letter to a number, shifted it up by the number you found in the previous step, and converted it back to a letter.  Can you decode what I wrote?

This is the sixth and last part of the message.  The other QR codes have the other parts, feel free to help debug those until all are solved: 6Rgh5ktiujkjOsgmk4mol
